

Introduction
This page contains information regarding the quickebasket.com privacy policy. The domain name quickebasket.com. This Privacy Policy describes the type of personal information we collect from our User, purpose for collecting such information, how we use it, with whom we share it and the choices available to our customers regarding our use of the information. If you do not consent to any of the terms enumerated in this Policy, do not proceed to use the Site. quickebasket.com may change this policy from time to time. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy and satisfy with changes.

What Personal Information is Collected?
We may ask you to share personal information with us. Whether you choose to give information is completely up to you, but keep in mind that if you withhold information, you may not be able to use some of our services. When you make a purchase from our site or set up a free account with the Site OR when you communicate with us via phone, email, chat, etc OR when you fill an entry to participate in any contest, promotion or survey, etc. OR when you participate at one of our events, etc. we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, email address, credit or debit card information, address, phone number and a password.

What we do with the Collected Personal and Sensitive Information?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a quality service and in particular for the following reasons.
>For internal record keeping
>To Process your payment and gift card transactions
>When you visit our website, we also automatically receive your computer 2019s internet protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our server.
>To keep you informed about our latest promotional offers
>For market research purpose
>To improve our site and make your shopping experience more enjoyable.

With whom we share the personal Information?
Only the persons authorised by us shall have access to your Personal Information and Sensitive Information.We do not share, sell or rent your personal and sensitive information to any third party.

COOKIES
We may track your preferences and activities on the Site. Cookie is a small data file which asks permission to be placed on your computer 2019s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is transferred and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets us know when you visit a particular site. They keep a record of your activities on the Site making your subsequent visits to the site more efficient. The use of cookies is a common practice adopted by most major sites to better serve their clients. Most browsers are designed to accept cookies, but they can be easily modified to block cookies.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, you may lose some functionality on the site

How to Avoid Receiving Promotional Email?
We use e-mail addresses to send announcements with information about our new products, Special Promotions and updates. If you do not wish to receive any promotional or marketing communications from us , look at the end of the e-mail for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list.

How do I withdraw my Consent?
If After you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent or object on legitimate grounds at any time by contacting us at contact@quickebasket.com. You can also opt-out of email updates by clicking the unsubscribe link placed at the bottom of the email

Security
To keep your personal information secure We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.

Links to other websites
This site may contains links to other site on the internet for your convenience and information that are owned and operated by third parties and have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site 2019s privacy policy. Our store is not responsible for the actions of third parties.

HOW TO CONTACT US?
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to update information please contact us by email at contact@quickebasket.com.




